Update the attach cluster to Kommander docs (#2853)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/latest/clusters/attach-cluster/index.md

## Attach Kubernetes Cluster

> You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. There are two main ways of doing it, described below, and one requires to create a new service account. If the cluster you wish to attach has been created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, please follow the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Accoun".

Reviewer: > and one requires to create a new service account

This builds some kind of suspense where I don't think it's necessary. As a reader coming to this page I have a very specific problem I want to solve, which is attaching a cluster so the information how I'd have to do it is not important in this paragraph.

> You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. There are two main ways of doing it, described below, and one requires to create a new service account. If the cluster you wish to attach has been created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, please follow the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Accoun".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. There are two main ways of doing it, described below, and one requires to create a new service account. If the cluster you wish to attach has been created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, please follow the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account".
```

> You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. There are two main ways of doing it, described below, and one requires to create a new service account. If the cluster you wish to attach has been created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, please follow the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Accoun".

Reviewer: > please follow the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account".

is it possible to make this a link pointing to the anchor?

Author: I haven't done that as I have moved the instructions "Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account" right after this text following your other suggestion.

> ### Attaching a Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer: This is basically the same heading as the `##` one. Also, this section describes the exact same steps that are necessary for every cluster, even those that I need to create an SA for beforehand.

From my perspective it would make sense to move the `Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account` section before this one and mark it optional somehow.

## Attach Kubernetes Cluster

> You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. If the cluster you wish to attach has been created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, please create a service account as described below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can attach an existing cluster directly to Kommander. If the cluster you want to attach was created using Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE, create a service account as described below.
```

### Creating a New Service Account (optional)

> A separate service account should be created when attaching existing Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE Kubernetes clusters. This is due to the fact that the kubeconfig files you generate from those are not usable out of the box by Kommander as they involve calling CLI commands such as `aws` or `gcloud` and make use of locally obtained authentication tokens. Having a separate service account also allows you to keep access to the cluster specific and isolated to Kommander.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A separate service account should be created when attaching existing Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE Kubernetes clusters. This is because the kubeconfig files generated from those clusters are not usable, out of the box by Kommander. They call CLI commands, such as `aws` or `gcloud`, and use locally obtained authentication tokens. Having a separate service account also allows you to keep access to the cluster specific and isolated to Kommander.
```

> To get started, ensure you have [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) set up and configured with [ClusterAdmin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cluster-administration-overview/) for the cluster you intend to connect to Kommander.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, ensure you have [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) set up and configured with [ClusterAdmin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/cluster-administration-overview/) for the cluster you want to connect to Kommander.
```

EOF
```

> Next, use some variables to populate the new kubeconfig file for this service account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, setup the following environment variables with access data needed for producing a new kubeconfig file.
```

After the CA secret has been created successfully, a custom kubeconfig can be retrieved by visiting the `/token` endpoint on the Kommander cluster domain. Selecting the attached cluster name displays the instructions to assemble a kubeconfig for accessing its Kubernetes API.

### Attaching Kubernetes Cluster Using a New Service Account

> A separate special service account should be created when attaching some Kubernetes clusters, e.g. Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE clusters, to Kommander. This allows you to keep the access to the cluster specific and isolated to Kommander.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A separate ServiceAccount should be created when attaching Kubernetes clusters from certain services such as Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, or Google GKE to Kommander. The kubeconfig files you generate from those are normally not usable by Kommander as they involve calling CLI commands such as `aws` or `gcloud` and make use of locally obtained authentication tokens. Also, having a separate ServiceAccount allows you to keep access to the cluster specific and isolated to Kommander.
```
IMO this is clearer.

EOF
```

> This produces a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`. The content of this file is what you should use in Kommander to attach the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This produces a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`. The contents of this file are what you should use in Kommander to attach the cluster.
```

IIUC then it is `content` if you are talking about something specific and `contents`  if you mean all of what is contained. Native speakers please chime in :)

> This produces a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`. The contents of this file are what you should use in Kommander to attach the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This produces a file in your current working directory called `kommander-cluster-admin-config`. The contents of this file are used in Kommander to attach the cluster.
```

> Before importing this configuration, you can verify that it is functional by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before importing this configuration, you can verify it is functional by running the following command:
```

> Before importing this configuration, you can verify that the configuration is functional by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before importing this configuration, you can verify that it is functional by running the following command:
```

```shell
kubectl --kubeconfig $(pwd)/kommander-cluster-admin-config get all --all-namespaces
```

### Attaching a Cluster

> Using the **Add Cluster** option you can attach an existing Kubernetes (including Konvoy) cluster directly to Kommander. You can access the multi-cluster management and monitoring benefits Kommander provides while keeping your existing cluster on its current provider and infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the **Add Cluster** option you can attach an existing Kubernetes or Konvoy cluster directly to Kommander. You can access the multi-cluster management and monitoring benefits Kommander provides while keeping your existing cluster on its current provider and infrastructure.
```

> Selecting the **Attach Cluster** option displays the **Connection Information** dialog box. This dialog box accepts a kubeconfig file, that you can paste, or upload into the field. In the **Conext** select list, you can select the intended context or change the display name provided with the config. You can add labels to classify your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Selecting the **Attach Cluster** option displays the **Connection Information** dialog box. This dialog box accepts a kubeconfig file, that you can paste, or upload into the field. In the **Context** select list, you can select the intended context or change the display name provided with the config. You can add labels to classify your cluster.
```

![Add Cluster Connect](../../../img/add-cluster-connect.png)

## Accessing your managed clusters using your Kommander administrator credentials

> To enable Single Sign-On (SSO), for accessing the Kubernetes API across connected clusters with Kommander administrator credentials, a Certificate Authority (CA) must be created as a secret first. The following script creates a CA including the CA certificate and a private key. The `kubectl` command then creates this CA using the current context under the name `kubernetes-root-ca` into the namespace `cert-manager` which is created if it does not already exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Single Sign-On (SSO), for accessing the Kubernetes API across connected clusters with Kommander administrator credentials, a Certificate Authority (CA) must be created as a secret first. The following script creates a CA including the CA certificate and a private key. The `kubectl` command then creates this CA, using the current context, under the name `kubernetes-root-ca` into the namespace `cert-manager` which is created if it does not already exist.
```
